1.Which one of the following statements about agile approaches to developing products is true?
They are iterative but not incremental.

They are not iterative and not incremental.

They are incremental but not iterative.

They are iterative and incremental.

2.Which one of the following statements is true?
The scientific method usually does not involve iterations.

The scientific method does not apply to teams.

The scientific method is similar to the “plan, do, check, act” method of improving business processes.

3. Which one of the following statements is true?
Waterfall projects usually have shorter iterations than agile projects.

The feature batch size in waterfall project management is usually very small.

In agile project management, planning is distributed throughout the life of the project.

4. Which one of the following statements about Jira’s hierarchy is true?
An application can contain only one project.

An application contains projects, which contain issues.

A Jira issue contains projects.

5. Which one of the following statements about Jira projects is true?
A project template can be selected when creating a project.

Project templates are also called fields.

Issues will automatically be created when creating a project.

6. Which one of the following statements about Jira settings is true?
A change to a setting always applies only to a specific project.

The scope of what a setting applies to depends on which level of the Jira hierarchy that you are in.

A change to a setting always applies to all projects.

7. Why are there multiple columns in an agile board?
One column for each work item.

One column for each step that a work item goes through.

One column for each team member.

8. On a board, what happens when you move an issue from one column to another?
The issue’s workflow changes.

The value of the issue’s “status” field changes.

A new issue is created.

9. When you are adding a column to a board, what must be associated with the column?
A status.

A workflow.

An issue.

10. Which one of the following statements about the kanban method is true?
You must create new team roles to implement kanban.

It is not related to agile.

A key principle is to limit work in progress.

11. When a kanban team member is ready to work on a new issue in the standard Jira kanban workflow, which one of the following is usually true?
A planning meeting should be called.

Any issue from the backlog is pulled to the “in progress” column.

The issue at the top of the “selected for development” column is pulled to the “in progress” column.

12. Which one of the following statements about a kanban backlog is true?
It can be changed at any time.

It should only be changed during certain time windows.

It should not be changed.

13. Which one of the following statements about work in progress limits is true?
They should be set for every status.

They slow down the flow of the process.

They help the team continuously improve.

14. An airport deli provides two choices- you can buy a prepared sandwich from the refrigerator or you can order a sandwich at the counter and have it prepared for you. From the perspective of preparing the sandwich, which uses a pull system?
Both the refrigerator and the counter.

The refrigerator only.

The counter only.

15. Which one of the following statements is true?
A cumulative flow diagram should ideally trend down over time.

Cycle time is the time from issue creation to issue completion.

A cumulative flow diagram shows the number of issues in each status over time.
