1. Which one of the following statements is true?
In scrum, the product vision remains constant as the team builds the product.

Scrum projects all follow the same practices.

Scrum is a framework for achieving agility.

2. Which one of the following statements is true?
A sprint board includes the product backlog.

A burndown chart should reach zero by the end of the sprint.

A product backlog is the same thing as a sprint backlog.

3. What does a sprint backlog contain?
Issues to be completed in the sprint and a plan to complete them.

A list of issues to be completed after the current sprint.

A prioritized list of all of the issues of the project.

4. Which scrum role is responsible for the product backlog?
Scrum master.

Product owner.

Development team members.

5. Which scrum meeting is most likely to include stakeholders?
Sprint review.

Sprint planning meeting.

Daily standup/scrum.

Sprint retrospective.

6. Which one of these best describes the purpose of a sprint retrospective?
Plan the work of the sprint.

The team inspects itself, including its processes, tools and team interaction.

Inspect the increment and collaboratively update the product backlog.

7. Which scrum role is most responsible for protecting the focus of the team?
Scrum master.

Product owner.

Development team members.

8. Which one of the following statements is true?
Lean principles apply only to production.

Lean principles are not related to agile principles.

Many agile principles are similar to lean principles.

9. Assume that your job is to make sure that a vending machine is full of items every morning. Which one of these acts as a kanban used to manage the inventory?
The items in your delivery truck.

An empty item location in the vending machine.

The money used to purchase items.

10. An andon board is a central location that displays current problems that have been identified by the team. Which one of these is another example of the process identifying problems?
An issue that has been in the backlog a long time.

Moving an issue to a “queue” column on a board.

Columns on boards changing color when over the work-in-progress limits.

11. When you are troubleshooting a problem using the “5 whys” approach, when should you stop asking “why” questions?
When you find the solution to your problem.

When you have asked five questions.

When you find the root cause of the problem.

12. Which one of these is an example of a team that uses an approach similar to the scientific method?
The team creates a plan for building a product, then implements the plan perfectly.

The team builds a feature, but the data shows that customers do not use it, so they remove it.

The team postpones any changes to the plan until after the initial product release.

13. Which one of these Agile Manifesto value statements is most related to empowering the team?
Customer collaboration over contract negotiation.

Working software over comprehensive documentation.

Individuals and interactions over processes and tools.

14. Which one of these statements is similar to the spirit of the Agile Manifesto?
It is important to embrace change.

All communication should be documented.

The product should only be delivered when it meets the customer’s specification.

15. Which one of the following statements is an Agile Manifesto value statement?
Comprehensive documentation before working software.

Customer collaboration over contract negotiation.

Following a plan over responding to change.
